my dearest Tara I'm sorry we haven't
spoken for so long
Sarah gets Isabella I'm outside our
bakery waiting for you perhaps we could
meet up and discuss your brilliant
bakery it's time we spoke again all my
love mum leave me karachi yes
you know this girl she's my best
friend's daughter and where's your
friend what the hell are you gonna do
but there is somebody I could still try
I didn't expect you to have quite so
much please tell me where we're going
Isabella mum would have wanted us to
open this bakery so that is what we're
going to do you can definitely see its
potential what was attractive
what's that smell cats piss croissants
fresh from the oven
I'm here about the baking job it's a
rose macaron filled with rose petal and
lighty crema and fresh raspberries the
batter's under mixed sorry not by much
but it could do with a few more Falls
there are four other Baker's make sure
especially why didn't try one coming
look here we go Wow
crowds this city is home to people from
all over the place we make our bakery
something to remind them of home you
were her best friend
if anyone can put her spirit into this
it's you so you're gonna join me a walk
[Applause]
[Music]
love Sara would you like to come in for
coffee I might be up all night
look at me
[Music]